This fork was taken in order to implement a polled mode on the CAN interface.
The existing library has exceptionally high CPU usage (on the ConnectCore6UL 
at least).

In the default mode, the library spins up a thread for CAN data reception.  
This is no necessary for some applications and also a risk that can be avoided.

The modifications should allow the existing library to function as it did before
whilst opening up the possibility of lower level control that does not prescribe
a threading model etc.

In order to disable threading on the CAN port, specify 

    polled_mode = true;

in the can_if_cfg struct.

It is possible to open channels on the CAN device via ldx_can_open_rx_socket 
and implement a select() outside of the library in order to multiplex other IO 
(e.g. network socket IO) within the same wait.

e.g.

    int can = ldx_can_open_rx_socket(cif, 0, 0);
    if (can < 0) {
      return can; // error code
    }
    int udp = socket(AF_INET, SOCK_DGRAM, 0);
    // ...
    fd_set fds;
    FD_ZERO(&fds);
    FD_SET(can, &fds);
    FD_SET(udp, &fds);
    timeval tm;
    tm.tv_sec = timeout_ms / 1000;
    tm.tv_usec = (timeout_ms % 1000) * 1000;
    
    int sr = ::select(FD_SETSIZE, &fds, nullptr, nullptr, &tm);
    if (sr > 0) { // is 'any' socket readable?
      if (FD_ISSET(can, &fds)) {
        ldx_can_event_t evt;
        memset(&evt, 0, sizeof(evt));
        while (ldx_can_read_rx_socket_i(cif, can, &evt) > 0) {
          dispatch(&evt);
        }
      }
      if (FD_ISSET(udp, &fds)) {
        readUdp(udp)
      }
    }
    // ...
    ldx_can_close_rx_socket(can);
    close(udp);

Original README for this library:

Digi APIX Library
=================
Digi APIX is a C library that enables you to easily access and manage Digi
ConnectCore platform interfaces.

Supported interfaces:

  * ADC
  * CAN
  * GPIO
  * I2C
  * PM
  * PWM
  * SPI
  * WATCHDOG

The [Digi Embedded Yocto Examples](https://github.com/digi-embedded/dey-examples)
repository provides examples of using this API to connect and work with your
device interfaces.

Compiling the library
---------------------
The Digi APIX C library is meant to be used by Digi Embedded Yocto, which
includes recipes to build the package. It's also part of the default images
generated by Digi Embedded Yocto.

It can be also compiled using a Yocto based toolchain. In that case, make
sure to source the corresponding toolchain for the platform you want to build
the library for, e.g:

```
#> . <DEY-toolchain-path>/environment-setup-cortexa7hf-neon-dey-linux-gnueabi
#> make
```

More information about [Digi Embedded Yocto](https://github.com/digi-embedded/meta-digi).

Library dependencies
--------------------
This library depends on [libsoc](https://github.com/jackmitch/libsoc). To
compile it out of Yocto, use a toolchain with _libsoc_ library included.

License
-------
Copyright 2017-2019, Digi International Inc.

This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
file, you can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
